不是树，不是天空 'not the tree, not the sky'
仍然没看到任何描述。。。 'still haven't seen a description...'
不是红色也不是蓝色 'not red nor blue'
不是深蓝不是浅蓝 'not dark blue nor light blue'
不是蓝色不是粉色 'not blue nor pink'
灰色，不是蓝色，不是紫色 'gray, not blue, not purple'
这颜色不接近天，也不接近草 'this color is not close to the sky, nor close to grass'
不是草也不是太阳的颜色 'not the grass nor the color of the sun'
不是天空也不是外线的颜色 'not the sky nor the color of outside'
没那么亮的天的颜色 'not as bright as the sky'
不是蓝色和绿色 'not blue nor green'
没收到微信号 重发一下 '(connectivity issue)'
微信号不存在 你加我吧 '(connectivity issue)'
不是草的颜色 'not the color of grass'
颜色不接近草根天空 'the color is not close to the grassy sky'
没有 'no'
也不是草的颜色 'nor is it the color of the grass'
不是天 'not the sky'
不是鲜艳的颜色 'not bright colors'
不是草 'not grass'
不接近草 'not close to grass'
也不接近红 'nor close to red'
不是草 'not grass'
完全不带草的颜色 'completely not the color of grass'
也不是 'nor is it'
不草也不红 'not grass nor red'
不红也不草 'not red nor grass'
我不是 如果有地方不明白请见谅 哈哈哈 '(stupid stuff)'
这玩意不错 'this is not bad'
你应该不是第一次把 'this isn't your first time'
也不知道他们研究这个要干嘛 'I also don't know what they're doing with this study'
看见我们说有的没的烦死了哈哈哈哈 'they'll be annoyed when they see what we're saying'
啊对不起哈哈哈 'sorry'
不知道啊 'I don't know'
不要报希望，不是美女哈哈哈哈 '(something about beautiful woman...)'
没关系，才一分钱 'it doesn't matter, it's just a penny'
哈哈哈 同样不值钱 'it's worthless'
不是蓝也不是红 'not blue nor red'
你喜不喜欢我 'do you like me?'
诶，你在做什么？目标颜不是绿色，是红色 'what are you doing? the color is not green, it's red

olive (not teal or bright green)
Or woman. . . Sorry if you're not male.
green, sea foam kind, not the bright green
I can't believe we got that far
not the usual blue, the other one
not fruit
not the magenta, other red
not blue or red
They're not in the same order on my screen remember?
not yellow, not tan, purplish
not magenta, not purple
not green, not blue
not blue, not purple
not green, not grey
not grey, not blue
blue but the light blue not dark
Gray, not red or yellow
Brownish gray, not green or blue
Purple, not gray or peach
Purple/violet, not yellow or blueish gray
that works - I think our monitors may not quite sync on the greens/blues
not the bright red one but the muted red
this is not gray or normal blue
not orange or yellow
not the salmon color, nor the beige. It is a pink
not a blue
the baby blue not the greener color
the one that looks like someone vomited, but not the bright green one
Not the brightest, but not the darkest
The one that is not the same color as the others.
The one that isn't bright.
Mauve- not the blues
pink...not baby pink or bright pink, but not grayed out
green, but not the bright green
Color that is close to the color of the sky but not exactly
Okay this is a tannish color not green or purple
